1. In design Heuristics, what does the term “advantages of Matching between system and the real world” mean? What are the advantages?

This concept is important because it means that the system should use the language that the user is familiar with for better understanding and easier use.
The advantages are that it improves usability, because the interface is based on their real world experiences and language, the user doesnt have to learn new terms.
It's also quicker to learn the system for new users, because its more intuitive.

2. What do you understand by “Single source of truth”? and how does it relate to redux? What are the advantages?

"Single Source of Truth" means having one central location for all the application's state to keep everything consistent and reliable. 
That concept is used in Redux and its called the store, which holds the entire state of the application.
After creating the store, the components in the application can access the state by reading from it. When we need to update the state, components dispatch actions to the store.

The advantages of that are: its easier to debug when prblems occur, developers can work more efficiently, knowing that all state-related logic is centralized,
reducing the chances of conflicts, its making the code more consistent.

3. What is the difference between a stateless component and a stateful component in React?

A stateless component is a component that does not hold or manage its own state. It relies entirely on the props passed to it to render content.
This can be used for a button or any static content. Easier to implement and test.

A stateful component on the other hand is a component that maintains and manages its own state. It can update its rendering based on internal state changes.
For example an interactive component that will use the users input.

4. List out the advantages and disadvantages of exploratory testing (used in Agile) and scripted testing?

EXPLORATORY TESTING (more experience based testing):

Advantages:
flexibility; testers can easily and freely navigate the application,
adaptability; testers can quickly respond to changes in the application without needing to wait for updated scripts

Disadvantages:
there is no standarized documentation for reference,
tests cannot be automated,
inconsistent covarage of the tests,
depends on the skills of the testers.

SCRIPTED TESTING:

Advantages:
consistency; tests are reliable,
relaible documentation,
can be repeated and automated which provides efficiency

Disadvantages:
tests need constant updates,
tests have limited coverage.
slower feedback
